docs/pages/privacy.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Privacy
permalink: /privacy/
---

## Stardeus Privacy Policy

We take your privacy seriously. We will never sell or give away any of your data 
to third parties, or use your data in any way except for improving Stardeus.

### Automatic Error Reporting

Stardeus has a built-in feedback system capable of automatic error reporting.
When you launch Stardeus for the first time, you will have to choose if you want
automatic error reporting to be enabled.

If enabled, the automatic error reporting system will make secure (HTTPS) 
web requests to <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/youtrack/">JetBrains YouTrack</a> issue tracker where the developer will see
the cause of the error (a stack trace) along with some details about the state
of your game 

Automatic reporting may also post a diagnostic request after ending the gameplay, 
containing some game state data for balancing purposes.

### What Data Is Collected

Reports may include the following information:
- Your Steam username (in Steam builds only)
- Your OS username 
- Your computer's OS name and version
- Your computer's total memory size (RAM)
- Your computer's CPU and GPU model
- Your laptop's battery charge level 
- Any information you enter yourself in the feedback form
- Your save file (only in manual reports, if you choose to include it)
- A screenshot of your current game view (only in manual reports, you will see it before submitting the feedback form)
- Play time
- Various in-game statistics (number of in-game objects, state of research tree, etc).

IP address may be collected by JetBrains YouTrack, because it is impossible to make a web request 
without exposing your IP address, but we do not collect any IP addresses directly.

You can find more about how JetBrains YouTrack handles personal data protection here: 
https://www.jetbrains.com/help/youtrack/incloud/youtrack-personal-data-protection-gdpr.html

### Why Is Data Collected

We collect any data for the sole purpose - to make Stardeus a better game. 
More specifically:

1. We can address direct player feedback submitted using the in-game feedback form
2. We can balance the game to be more enjoyable after analyzing the in-game statistics
3. We can fix the errors and exceptions that get reported automatically. Some of them
   may not noticeable by the player, but may have impact on the overall game state.

Steam and OS usernames are collected in order to correlate different errors that happened to the same player.

We try to collect as little personally identifiable information as possible. 

### Contact

If you have any further questions, please contact hello@kodolinija.com

Commit message:

Add more info about Unity

docs/pages/privacy.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Privacy
permalink: /privacy/
---

## Stardeus Privacy Policy

We take your privacy seriously. We will never sell or give away any of your data 
to third parties, or use your data in any way except for improving Stardeus.

### Automatic Error Reporting

Stardeus has a built-in feedback system capable of automatic error reporting.
When you launch Stardeus for the first time, you will have to choose if you want
automatic error reporting to be enabled.

If enabled, the automatic error reporting system will make secure (HTTPS) 
web requests to <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/youtrack/">JetBrains YouTrack</a> issue tracker where the developer will see
the cause of the error (a stack trace) along with some details about the state
of your game 

Automatic reporting may also post a diagnostic request after ending the gameplay, 
containing some game state data for balancing purposes.

### What Data Is Collected

Reports may include the following information:
- Your Steam username (in Steam builds only)
- Your OS username 
- Your computer's OS name and version
- Your computer's total memory size (RAM)
- Your computer's CPU and GPU model
- Your laptop's battery charge level 
- Any information you enter yourself in the feedback form
- Your save file (only in manual reports, if you choose to include it)
- A screenshot of your current game view (only in manual reports, you will see it before submitting the feedback form)
- Play time
- Various in-game statistics (number of in-game objects, state of research tree, etc).

IP address may be collected by JetBrains YouTrack, because it is impossible to make a web request 
without exposing your IP address, but we do not collect any IP addresses directly.

You can find more about how JetBrains YouTrack handles personal data protection <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/help/youtrack/incloud/youtrack-personal-data-protection-gdpr.html">here</a>.

### Why Is Data Collected

We collect any data for the sole purpose - to make Stardeus a better game. 
More specifically:

1. We can address direct player feedback submitted using the in-game feedback form
2. We can balance the game to be more enjoyable after analyzing the in-game statistics
3. We can fix the errors and exceptions that get reported automatically. Some of them
   may not noticeable by the player, but may have impact on the overall game state.

Steam and OS usernames are collected in order to correlate different errors that happened to the same player.

We try to collect as little personally identifiable information as possible. 

### Unity 

Stardeus is made with <a href="https://unity.com/">Unity</a>, which means Unity may be collecting additional data as you play the game.
Learn more about Unity's privacy policy <a href="https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy">here</a>.

### Contact

If you have any further questions, please contact hello@kodolinija.com
